This will be a universe/space explorer where the user views the graceful orbit of a lone planet, surrounded by remnants of asteroids, all bathed in the glow of space within the universe. There is a star (the sun) that takes center stage in this solar system with one planet. The animated function in this solar system will gradually move the entire solar system and its celestial companions from left to right on its, creating a exit and re-entry into the scene very slowly. This will serve as our colission detection and the autonomous animation as after being off the screen from a set number of positions away from the field of view, the solar system will return back to the screen. This movement will be done with the help of moveSpeed and moveDirection values in the demouniverse file. There will be three buttons that the user will be able to press to interact with the universe space. The first is with the flex button where it will have the planet and sun rotate quickly an be scaled simultaneously before returning back to their original position and size. This will be done using the tween animation functions. The reset button just returns the objects in the scene back to their original position. Now, to view the beauty of this solar system you just have to press the turn button which will have the planet along with its ring and asteroid remnants orbit around the sun while escaping the fov and returning back to the scene. The orbiting can be stopped whenever the user wants by pressing stop. Lastly, added to the button menu there is a shadow helper/camera helper function which the user will be able to toggle on and off. This camera helper would allow the user to see colored lines showcasing the angles and how the universe space will look if looked at in said direction the user dictates. This will allow the user to have the freedom to examine the scene however they want with the lines for fov, light, etc. 